README.md, before:

# Plug It All - Find the Leaks in Your Bank Account

A privacy-first, client-side subscription detection tool that analyzes bank statements (PDF/CSV) to identify recurring charges.

**GitHub**: [https://github.com/teeesss/PlugItAll](https://github.com/teeesss/PlugItAll)

## Features

- 🔒 **100% Client-Side** - All processing happens in your browser. No data sent to servers.
- 📊 **PDF & CSV Support** - Upload bank statements in either format
- 🎯 **Smart Detection** - Identifies subscriptions using pattern matching, **median-based clustering**, and **shopping pattern rejection**.
- 🌍 **Robust Parsing** - Handles European/US date formats, `CR`/`DR` markers, and varied number formats automatically.
- ✅ **Verified vs Review** - Known subscriptions are marked "Verified". **3+ consistent charges** from any merchant are automatically promoted to Verified.
- 🚫 **False Positive Filtering** - Extensive blacklist (eBay, Amazon, restaurants) with **fuzzy matching** for variations (e.g., 'Taco Bell' vs 'TACOBELL').
- 💰 **Price Validation** - High-risk merchants (Amazon, Walmart, Fabletics) require exact price match or known subscription markers.

## 📚 Documentation

**New to the project?** See [docs/DOCUMENTATION_GUIDE.md](docs/DOCUMENTATION_GUIDE.md) for a complete explanation of all documentation files and how they relate to each other.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open http://localhost:5173 and drop your bank statements.

## Supported Subscriptions

The engine recognizes 292+ subscription services including:

- Streaming: Netflix, YouTube TV, Hulu, Disney+, Spotify, etc.
- Telecom: Visible, AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, etc.
- Fitness: Planet Fitness, Peloton, etc.
- Software: Adobe, Microsoft 365, iCloud, etc.
- Internet: LiveOak Fiber, Xfinity, etc.

## Detection Logic

1. **Normalization**: Cleans transaction descriptions
2. **Grouping**: Groups by normalized description
3. **Blacklist Filter**: Removes known non-subscription merchants
4. **Clustering**: Groups by price point ($1 tolerance)
5. **Recurrence Check**: Requires 2+ occurrences (or known subscription)
6. **Frequency Analysis**: Classifies as Weekly/Monthly/Yearly
7. **Price Validation**: Validates high-risk merchants against known pricing

## Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript + Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- pdfjs-dist (PDF parsing)
- papaparse (CSV parsing)
- Vitest (testing)

## Code Quality

Pre-commit hooks are installed for automatic linting and formatting:

```bash
# Run manually
python -m pre_commit run --all-files
```

Hooks include: **Prettier**, **ESLint**, **Gitleaks** (secret detection), **Checkov** (security scanning)

## Tests

```bash
npm test
```

24 test suites with 140 tests covering analyzer, normalizer, matcher, Transaction Explorer, dismissal logic, and real-world scenarios.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: Project update for Etrade support and cleanup

README.md, after:

# Plug It All - Find the Leaks in Your Bank Account

A privacy-first, client-side subscription detection tool that analyzes bank statements (PDF/CSV) to identify recurring charges.

**GitHub**: [https://github.com/teeesss/PlugItAll](https://github.com/teeesss/PlugItAll)

## Features

- 🔒 **100% Client-Side** - All processing happens in your browser. No data sent to servers.
- 📊 **PDF & CSV Support** - Upload bank statements in either format
- 🎯 **Smart Detection** - Identifies subscriptions using pattern matching, **median-based clustering**, and **shopping pattern rejection**.
- 🌍 **Robust Parsing** - Handles European/US date formats, `CR`/`DR` markers, and varied number formats automatically.

- ✅ **Verified vs Review** - Known subscriptions are marked "Verified". **3+ consistent charges** from any merchant are automatically promoted to Verified.
- 🚫 **False Positive Filtering** - Extensive blacklist (eBay, Amazon, restaurants) with **fuzzy matching** for variations (e.g., 'Taco Bell' vs 'TACOBELL').
- 💰 **Price Validation** - High-risk merchants (Amazon, Walmart, Fabletics) require exact price match or known subscription markers.
- 🏦 **Bank Support** - Specialized parsers for **USAA** and **Citibank** and **E*TRADE**.

## 📚 Documentation

**New to the project?** See [docs/DOCUMENTATION_GUIDE.md](docs/DOCUMENTATION_GUIDE.md) for a complete explanation of all documentation files and how they relate to each other.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open http://localhost:5173 and drop your bank statements.

## Supported Subscriptions

The engine recognizes 292+ subscription services including:

- Streaming: Netflix, YouTube TV, Hulu, Disney+, Spotify, etc.
- Telecom: Visible, AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, etc.
- Fitness: Planet Fitness, Peloton, etc.
- Software: Adobe, Microsoft 365, iCloud, etc.
- Internet: LiveOak Fiber, Xfinity, etc.

## Detection Logic

1. **Normalization**: Cleans transaction descriptions
2. **Grouping**: Groups by normalized description
3. **Blacklist Filter**: Removes known non-subscription merchants
4. **Clustering**: Groups by price point ($1 tolerance)
5. **Recurrence Check**: Requires 2+ occurrences (or known subscription)
6. **Frequency Analysis**: Classifies as Weekly/Monthly/Yearly
7. **Price Validation**: Validates high-risk merchants against known pricing

## Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript + Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- pdfjs-dist (PDF parsing)
- papaparse (CSV parsing)
- Vitest (testing)

## Code Quality

Pre-commit hooks are installed for automatic linting and formatting:

```bash
# Run manually
python -m pre_commit run --all-files
```

Hooks include: **Prettier**, **ESLint**, **Gitleaks** (secret detection), **Checkov** (security scanning)

## Tests

```bash
npm test
```

26 test suites with 143 tests covering analyzer, normalizer, matcher, Transaction Explorer, dismissal logic, and real-world scenarios.

## License

MIT
